This will be a simple movie recommender sytem. 

It will consist of the following pages with how they to the backend through an API acting as the middleware.

Techstack
python primary programming language
stemlit.io for frontend
fastAPI for middleware
mongoDB will be database (mongoEngine will be used)
might be JavaScript - arranging the layout of user's homepage

Landing page:
It will consist of a title names akaike movie recommender system, it will consist of a register button for new user and a login button for an exisitng user.

When the register button is clicked: 
It will open a new page that will prompt the user for the following information:
1. Username.
2. Password.
3. User_id will be automatically generated by the database (mongoDB or part of code).
4. A list of watched movies - think about a way to default this to a standard value. (this will be a list containing movie_ids from the movies database)
5. Preferred genre selection (a checkbox consisting of varioius preferred genre will be listed and the user can choose choose the preferred genre) it will create a list of preferred genre.

A click register button will make an API call to create a new user object from the User Class is generated, and it is updated in the users database through mongoEngine to connect to a mongoDB database. Pydantic model will take care of making sure the input is in the right format. (Considering user errors will be done in V2) This will lead to home page. 

When the login button is clicked:
It will page a new window asking for username and password, once entered, this will give a fastAPI call to JWT token authentication and it will generate a token that will be applicable for 2.5 hours. Every API call will then have this token autheticated by JWT token system. 

This will lead to page 2 which can be called the homepage for the user, it will consist of the following 4 sections.
#Section-1 
This will give a list of recommeded movies, 2 classes will be called through an API, get_recommendations() and get_movie info() 
it will be table containing movie info for the recommeded movies, there will be watch movie movie, which will prompt the user watching the movie, and immediately ask the user to rate the movie, this will call the udpdate_rating() method which will update the rating in the database.

#Section-2
This will contain a similar table of top rated movies, this will also call the movie info method and get_top_rated movies method. Again the user will be asked to watch the movie - watch movie will call the watch movie method, and rate the movie will call update rating method.

#Section-3
This will be a searchbar that lets the user search by title, this will call the search-by-title() method and when search-by-title it will give a list of all movies that will be updated in the task list. It will give a list of the movies, when a particular movie is selected, the get_movie_id() will be called through an API, which will be give all the movie details. 

Again the user will be prompted to watch the movie, after clicking the button he will be asked to rate the movie. 

#Section-4 will consist of adding a new movie to the collection, which will prompt the user to add all the movie details: movie_id (will be automatically set by the system), title, genre, rating = default to zero (or), release_year, cast (this will be a list of cast members to be filled in).

Once, the application is build, all the files and dependencies have to be put in a docker container, and uploaded to google cloud, the software has to then run from google cloud. This is alpha build to be shown to by EoD (Mailed along with the database diagram)

#Think about things that will break this application

Module Documentation:
get_movie_info(): input - list of bson objectids, output - cursor object
get_movie_recommendation() method will call this function
top_rated_movies() method will call this method
search_movies() method will call this method

Movie.update_rating()
Updates the rating of movie along with the "_id" (unique id) of the user who updated the database.

Input
user_id - ObjectID of "_id" field from users_collection
movie_id - ObjectID of "_id" field from movie_collection
rating - it is a float value to be updated

Output
list - this list comes from rating_movie_collection, it will return the output of "Rating" field 

Movie.get_movie_info()
this method takes an arrray of ObjectIds, and returns a dataframe consisting of documents from movie_collection, this has to be further modified to return a dictionary, if needed.

get_recommendations()